---
title: "Job hunting, Work Routine 2.0 and Perfection"
date: "2025-01-17T00:00:00.000Z"
week: "2"
startAndEndDate: "20th -24th January 2025"
art:
  [
    {
      label: "Song",
      title: "Anytime, Anywhere, Anyhow",
      author: "Matt Maltese",
      link: "https://open.spotify.com/track/4DhyEPT1syGLKMnKDo1vvh",
    },
    {
      label: "Album",
      title: "Charm",
      author: "Clairo",
      link: "https://open.spotify.com/album/1KNUCVXgIxKUGiuEB8eG0i",
    },
    {
      label: "Book",
      title: "Flatland",
      suffix: "Finished",
      author: "Edwin A. Abbott",
      link: "https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/433567.Flatland",
    },
    {
      label: "Book",
      title: "Runaway Horses",
      author: "Yukio Mishima",
      link: "https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62812.Runaway_Horses",
    },
    {
      label: "Book",
      title: "Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith",
      author: "Matthew Stover",
      link: "https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35458.Star_Wars",
    },
  ]
---

## 1. Job hunt: ATG and Attio

Got an interview with ATG and passed! A bunch of recruiters have reached out but didn’t land the first phase interview with Attio. Bit annoying, especially since I put a lot of work into that application. But, I think there’s only so much you can do when applying for jobs—sometimes, it just comes down to luck. In hindsight, though, I probably didn’t have the right experience for Attio. No AI, no CRM experience. I don’t think it was a skills issue, just an experience one.

Silver-lining. I feel way more confident about how to apply for jobs now. All that effort I put into the Attio application is going to pay off in the long run. My CV is looking shit hot; I’ve learned how to tailor it for specific roles, and I’ve got a solid answer for “Why do you want to work for X?”. I’m confident I’ll land something in the next few weeks.

I also got to the second phase with ATG, so fingers crossed something comes out of that. Prep prep prep prep prep.

## 2. Work routine 2.0

Work Routine 2.0. I want a solid, productive morning. Start at 8:30 AM, work until a tea break at 11, then keep going until lunch at 12:30 PM. No distractions during this time — no pointless web news, Reddit, or random stuff. I want to focus. I don’t want to waste time looking at gifs of cats being pricks. Morning is work.

Lunchtime is when I can catch up on Reddit, check the news, get it out of my system. After lunch, back to work until 3 PM, then it’s time for a 5K run (about 30 minutes). Get my history fix from _The Rest is History_ podcast. Afterward, a cold shower and a quick snack.

I’m back at work around 4 PM and finish up by 5:30 PM. That’s the Work Routine 2.0, and it’s been making me super productive. I just need to stick to it, because it’s been working really well for the past month!

## 3. Everything doesn’t need to be perfect

I’ve tried using ChatGPT for writing before, and it didn’t really work for me. The copy was clear, but it always came out sounding like this over-the-top, flowery rubbish. It didn’t feel like something a real person would say, and didn’t feel like I had written it.

But when I was working on my CV and cover letters, I started to see its potential. If you do 95% of the work yourself — like writing your CV, drafting your cover letter, and really putting in the effort to get your voice across — ChatGPT can help tidy it up.

I’ve never been great at writing, it’s just not my thing. But ChatGPT gives me that little bit of help I need to take my rough, grammatically-incorrect drafts and turn them into something that sounds professional, yet still feels like _me_.

The key is, you still have to do the hard work. You need to think through what you’re trying to say, write multiple drafts, and put it into your own words. Once that’s done, ChatGPT can help polish it and give it the professional touch it might be missing.

---

## Thoughts/musings/ideas/views

- I feel like I finally know how to write a solid CV.
- Big fan of darts these days.
- Running always clears the fog in my head.
- SnackWallah Pakora Wrap = 🤌
- My blog site design was inspired by Yeezy — didn’t see that coming.
- Definitely need to go fishing for more design inspiration.
- Gotta prep your questions for a job interview.
- I need a design philosophy. Actually, I think I need a philosophy for everything.
