---
title: "Lost out on ATG role, Afternoon interviews and London?"
date: "2025-01-31T00:00:00.000Z"
week: "3"
startAndEndDate: "27th - 31st Jan 2025"
art:
  [
    {
      label: "Song",
      title: "Audacious",
      author: "Franz Ferdinand",
      link: "https://open.spotify.com/track/1TNdQw9rHynqZ6wur56bpr",
    },
    {
      label: "Album",
      title: "The Human Fear",
      author: "Franz Ferdinand",
      link: "https://open.spotify.com/album/7LbR1L8thzNldHceu3tj1a",
    },
    {
      label: "Book",
      title: "Runaway Horses",
      author: "Yukio Mishima",
      link: "https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62812.Runaway_Horses",
    },
    {
      label: "Book",
      title: "Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith",
      author: "Matthew Stover",
      link: "https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35458.Star_Wars",
    },
  ]
---

## 1. Lost out on ATG role

I did everything right; I just didn’t know Next.js! Ahhh, it’s a bit of a killer, but that’s life—sometimes you don’t win. I’ve got to keep moving forward and not get hung up on these things. Another role will come along soon. It’s all a learning experience. I flew through the first stage, I did great in the interview, and I smashed the coding test. I was just missing one thing, and I knew that if another dev in the running had Next.js experience, they’d likely get the job. I predicted it and told Parag right after the interview.

I did well—it’s been a while since I’ve been interviewing, and I proved I can still do it and know my stuff. Now, I just need to keep putting one foot in front of the other, and something will turn up soon. It always does!

## 2. I hate afternoon interviews

Note for my future self**:** I hate afternoon interviews—it gives me too much time to overthink and get stressed out. I did that with the ATG interview; I built it up in my head into something it could never be. In my mind, I was going to face a bunch of Crypto Tech Bros asking me ridiculous questions about Big O and Little Endian. Turns out, they were just a group of coding nerds—the exact type of people you’d expect. But sometimes, my brain likes to mess with me.

Going forward, morning interviews. That way, I can wake up, get it out of the way, and avoid stressing myself out. Afternoon interviews are only if there’s no other option or if they’re the soonest available.

## 3. Do I pack it up and start again in London?

Life’s pretty quiet up here in Newcastle—there’s not much going on, and I don’t feel like the job opportunities are as great anymore. Should I pack it all up and move to London? It feels like a much bigger decision than just quickly jotting down a few lines for my Work Diary!

What’s really holding me back? I’d be 36, sharing a flat… would that be so bad? It all feels a bit _gauche_, doesn’t it? Or maybe that’s just me overthinking. That’s honestly the only thing holding me back. I know I can make new friends through work and music, but I do worry about being lonely and starting from scratch again. Sometimes, though, you need adventure in your life, and I feel like there’s nothing happening here. I miss being in an office, having some energy around me. Buxton’s dead, The Floe with Hamish was dead. My friends are having kids, their priorities are shifting... maybe it’s just time.

I really need to think about this more. I’ll give it some thought over the weekend!

---

## Thoughts/musings/ideas/views

- I don’t like afternoon job interviews; I prefer getting them out of the way in the mornings.
- I think I need to learn Next.js.
- Not sure how I feel about Copilot yet.
- Cuban black bean stew—delicious!
- I’m not a fan of Tailwind, it feels messy. I prefer Emotion CSS.
- I love the mouse UI on this site: [jasonpontin.com](https://www.jasonpontin.com/).
- Bob Dylan was a bit of a dick—_A Complete Unknown_.
- Life’s pretty quiet at the moment.
